readme.md, before:

# GDI Core Intro to Web Concepts

This is the official Girl Develop It Core Intro Web Concepts course. Material was originally developed by Matt Torbin and Elise Wei, and modified by Sylvia Pellicore & Becky Blank.

The course is meant to be taught in a single two-hour workshop.

## Suggested course description

_Not sure how the Internet works?_

_Want to build a cool website, but can’t decide what language to use?_

_Tired of techies throwing around acronyms that make your head spin?_

In this class, we will walk through the fundamentals of web development in layman terms. While we won't be writing code, we'll take you through various components of the web and how they work together. If you want to learn how to communicate better with your technical team or friends or you're considering a career in technology but don't know where to begin, this course is for you. Topics include but are not limited to:

What is the World Wide Web?
Where are web site files generally stored?
What is the difference between a client and a server?
What do you need to know before building a web site?
What language should you use and what are the differences?
What tools do you need to develop a web site?
Who does what on a typical web development team?

This class is for people with little to no technical experience.

##Tech Requirements
 - A laptop computer is helpful, but not required, to take this course.

Commit message:

add some context to the readme for offline and abbreviated version of this course

readme.md, after:

# GDI Core Intro to Web Concepts

This is a modified version of the official Girl Develop It Core Intro Web Concepts course. I've abbreviated and edited it to create an abridged version for an offline session to be taught in a pilot program with GDI at a women's correctional institute. Material was originally developed by Matt Torbin and Elise Wei, and modified by Sylvia Pellicore & Becky Blank.


## Suggested course description

_Not sure how the Internet works?_

_Want to build a cool website, but can’t decide what language to use?_

_Tired of techies throwing around acronyms that make your head spin?_

In this class, we will walk through the fundamentals of web development in layman terms. While we won't be writing code, we'll take you through various components of the web and how they work together. If you want to learn how to communicate better with your technical team or friends or you're considering a career in technology but don't know where to begin, this course is for you. Topics include but are not limited to:

What is the World Wide Web?
Where are web site files generally stored?
What is the difference between a client and a server?
What do you need to know before building a web site?
What language should you use and what are the differences?
What tools do you need to develop a web site?
Who does what on a typical web development team?

This class is for people with little to no technical experience.

##Tech Requirements
 - A laptop computer is helpful, but not required, to take this course.
